= NTP Security Project announces public development release =

FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE: 2015-11-16

Today, the NTP Security Project announced the first public development release of NTPsec.

NTPsec is an implementation of the “Network Time Protocol” or
“NTP”. NTP is how the internet keeps correct time, which is critically
important for cybersecurity and for auditing, and is necessary for
online finance, cloud computing, media streaming, data storage, email,
calendaring, and for keeping the clock on your desktop set.

NTPsec is based on the original reference implementation created by
Dr. David L. Mills, now Professor Emeritus at the University of
Delaware and one of the original creators of the Internet itself.

As a “developer release”, NTPsec 0.9 is offered to open source
developers and to government, corporate, and academic software and IT
labs for feedback and code contributions.  The project uses modern
open source community development practice, including Git distributed
version control and permissive open source licensing.  Development
will drive to a production-ready 1.0 release, and beyond.

The goal of the project is to harden against security vulnerabilities
and especially against “amplification attacks” that threaten the
stability of the entire Internet.  The project welcomes the
participation of information security researchers, and practices
Responsible Disclosure.

== About the NTP Security Project ==

The NTP Security Project is an experienced team with expertise in open
source, systems programming, real time operating systems, information
security, project management, systems administration, and the
historical NTP implementation.  The project is currently funded by the
Linux Foundation Core Infrastructure Initiative.

== Contact Information ==

The NTP Security Project can be contacted at:

mailto:contact@ntpsec.org[contact@ntpsec.org] +
(http://www.ntpsec.org/)

image::clocktower64.png[align="center"]


//end
